CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------

 * Overview
 * Before upgrading
 * After upgrading
 * Known issues

OVERVIEW
--------

This document provides instructions for upgrading from Mailhandler 6.x-1.x to
6.x-2.x. For an overview of what's new in 6.x-2.x, please see the README file.
The upgrade process is partially automated, but some manual intervention is
still required, due to major architectural changes. The amount of work required
will depend on the number and complexity of mailboxes that you are using. For
most users, the whole upgrade process will take 5-15 minutes.

BEFORE UPGRADING
----------------

Your existing mailboxes will be automatically converted to the new format;
however, "default commands" will be discarded, since they are no longer
associated with individual mailboxes. You should record the default commands
for each mailbox, so that you can reconfigure them after the update process.

AFTER UPGRADING
---------------

If you visit $base_url/admin/build/mailhandler, you should see each of your
mailboxes has been converted to the new format. You can test the connection
for each mailbox to ensure that Mailhandler can still connect to them.

Then visit $base_url/admin/build/feeds. You will notice that a new importer
has been created for each corresponding mailbox. In Mailhandler 6.x-2.x, the
mailbox simply stores connection settings; the corresponding importer is what
actually pulls in new nodes and comments. This means that you can actually
have one importer importing messages from multiple mailboxes, or vice versa.

You will need to edit each of these importers to restore the command
configurations that were lost for each mailbox in the upgrade process. Click
'edit' next to an importer, and then go to the parser settings. In the
'available commands' field, add the command keys from your default commands and
save the form. Then click on node processor mapping, and map the 'sources' that
you just defined to node targets.

For most users, at this point you should be back in business! Please read the
INSTALL file for information on additional configuration options, and use the
issue queue if you are still having problems.

KNOWN ISSUES
------------

The update script will create a new input format for each combination of
signature separator and input format that your mailboxes use. If you wish, you
can instead add the signature separator filter to *existing* input format(s)
and delete the new input format(s) that the update script created. You will
want to edit each importer (as described above) to use the existing input
format before deleting the duplicate format created by Mailhandler.